docs: add extra VMO oidc configuration and refactor guide (#5481)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vm-management/rbac/configure_OIDC.md

     :::warning

     We do not recommend choosing **None** in a production environment, as it may disable authentication for add-ons
     that rely on OIDC.

     :::

   - Selecting **Inherit from Tenant** or **Custom** will display a link to the dashboard on the cluster overview page.

5. If you selected **Custom** as the OIDC IdP, follow the steps in <VersionedLink
     text="Configure Custom OIDC"
     url="/integrations/packs/?pack=kubernetes#configure-custom-oidc"
   /> to set up the OIDC IdP for your cluster.

6. Once you have made the necessary changes, click **Confirm Updates** and **Save Changes** to conclude the update.

7. Deploy a cluster using the updated infrastructure profile. Refer to the
   [Deploy a Cluster](../../tutorials/cluster-deployment/public-cloud/deploy-k8s-cluster.md) tutorial for instructions
   on how to deploy a cluster.

8. Once the cluster is listed as **Healthy**, attach the VMO add-on profile to your cluster. Refer to the
   [Attach an Add-on Profile](../../clusters/imported-clusters/attach-add-on-profile.md) guide for instructions.

The following steps apply exclusively to clusters configured with **Custom** third-party OIDC IdPs.

> 9. After the VMO profile deployment is completed, right-click the **Connect** button next to **Virtual Machine

Reviewer: Ahhhh this is where the link comes from!

Author: Yes :joy:

   Dashboard** and copy the link. Save this link for later use.

10. Next, log in to the IdP console that is associated with the OIDC configuration used in your cluster.

> 11. Locate the OIDC application that was used in step **5** of this guide and enable the **Refresh Token** setting. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Locate the OIDC application that was used in step five and enable the **Refresh Token** setting. For
```

    example, if you are using [Okta](https://www.okta.com) as the IdP, refer to the
    [Refresh access tokens and rotate refresh tokens](https://developer.okta.com/docs/guides/refresh-tokens/main/) guide
    for further instructions.

> 12. Update the **Sign-in redirect URIs** field in your IdP. Add the VMO link copied in step **9**, appending

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Update the **Sign-in redirect URIs** field in your IdP. Add the VMO link copied in step nine, appending
```
